What's Going On?

Hopefully by now you'll have played around with a couple of the shapes and 
you're probably wndering what they even are. Short answer is: 

they're honeycombs.

So why don't they look like the cute little houses that bees make?

Let's start by seeing what makes a bee's honeycomb a honeycomb:

[IMAGE]

The honeycomb that bees make is the gold standard of symmetry. Made up of 
repeating hexagonal chambers all of the same size and shape it's optimised for 
the storing of honey and larvae. So how doe this fit in with the 3d shapes? 
What we need do is to pick the key features of the bee's honeycomb,
express them in a bit of maths and then see how they generalise. From the image
above we can extract a couple of things:

1) It's made up of lots of repeating hexagons
2) The hexagons are all the same size and shape 
3) The arrangement is neat - there's a lot of symmetry

We can now decide on which of these ideas we want to take with us and 
generalise!

Idea 1: Using hexagons is completely fine but also quite restrictive - do other
        shapes work?
Idea 2: The fact that none of the hexagons is 'special' is quite nice 
        (and fair!) - might be a good one to keep
Idea 3: Symmetry is kinda cool

So now we can build a question to investigate:

'What regular polygons tesselate the plane'

Breaking this down:

regular   = the shapes we are using all have the same angles and side lengths
polygons  = the shapes have straight sides and don't  intersect themselves [IMAGE]
tesselate = this word will come up quite a lot and is interchangeable with 
            honeycomb i.e. if the shape tesselates then it makes a honeycomb (aka a tesselation)
plane     = we will focus our attention on the Euclidean plane first. 
            This basically means we can draw the honeycombs on a flat piece of paper 
            (if the paper was infinitely big...)

This question is really  quite quick to answer and  it turns out that there are only three solutions.

[IMAGE] [IMAGE] [IMAGE]

All three of these are rather well known from any maths/science/design notebook. 
Alternatively the triangular tesselation is how you stack toblerones, the square one
is basically pixel-art, a chessboard, tetris etc... and the hexagon one is the bee's 
honeycomb from earlier.

So why are there only 3?

When we make out tesselation we don't want there to be any spaces inbetween the polygons.
This means that around every point the angles need to add up to 360 (I'll switch to radians later)
So we  need the solutions to:

360 = k * 180 * (1 - 1 / n)

2 = k * (1 - 1 / n)

2n = k (n - 1)

